when you compare what worked as a lawyer to what is and for having the criminal
must be vital
one of chipilin
is dead
barbara hernando canaria nadal me rajo
if I say what was gay
aito mamoré tomás boy's picture did not have anything nice while until
beat to better and why because to do just force
so that we can see again only with this defeat on Saturday, surely not
lose
It is true that I have been working like this even though other people's property is recognized
territories the three regions asserted after adding that the temporality
hopes that in a few days he managed to return
gave some should allow some at age 13 he reached an agreement but
the couple claim that it will be good or bad but has left home happy
I'm going to take an hour that panorama for the tier sharing with a rival
very badly in honor of the pink rule gets into the area and the network of Brazil to
lowering the burden to conform a hard work is only thing of the graphic press
of health in the state of aragua
he will do it with his soda but one thing is a struggle
and another thing that a command of the area a type to retain
in an electoral advance
an area that until now also talked about the Generalitat for
centenar guatemala eduardo ibarrola and it is a normal experience and current month
this one I will not endorse for the sands are missing and in the contest will have sailed
beaten but I repeat the play was reached that by de gea is said that here I thought
is already going on it I have gone to the ground to the band to Christian is falling to the
Water
guadalajara 14 raids in general has sent to lorca 18 years of origin
Nigerian efe as there was nothing simple since there is no real
intention was to return to run grab within the penalty area to gallardón
go
the escalation of the eu will not go down on the part of those who won it
on the other hand I simply say that I do not have a hood
what happens is that
watching the repetition time as
alves
touch stolen ball are not here I'm I wished social
I do not know
now that it's the turn of the cheap caveman ricardito that we're going
to sell to kaka had already guaranteed to know that the goalkeeper can not be branded as
where is it not to fall behind that will cheapen the left boot who wants to give it
foot to the police and to the fence and Basque country we have seen all the computers
now maría graciela alfano who now has organizers of the fair return to
Sometimes you get there
there is driving with ricardo the volpe now when it's time for the
truth the words of gerardo otero in this way to work in programs
so that all are produced but this to what you say is not
penalty for his power
it is not a penalty because the one who touches the ball
he is the goalkeeper
postcards because of the forest or
That's why today everyone is angry that the measure can be done on request
stop the depar of the circuit after a willing actress
work and of value
and otherwise somewhat devalued by debugging the campus total amount we are going to
chase an action to the throne chases to touch the ball because while the average
normal night but it took hours affected by it will end up with you that did not
there will be all the dawn got put to explain his replica of the goal
as you do not junqueras narrated in the national agrarian league in it and for
celebrate it
the aurinegro appeal
the fia that work must take out the ball played let's see had arrived
to the area but then developed several water intakes and drains and
it's a little bit because the equable mounts what I'm going to tell you
the goalkeeper have also declined congratulations
during the month of May
blacksmith I'm telling you I'm also happy about the same thing I had not
come sometimes we can not answer
a joaquin but spoken
the flip expected to speak please do not remember dependency two tests so
that we perceive the reality that they do not carry out I think it for taxes
let's see state
before the ronaldo shoots
benzema is already inside the area
therefore he had to have done before
if it's a goal
command not to repeat
but as I say that reject low because it's happening
which is a partner that indirectly facilitates against it
it says it's worth going
bermúdez was placed among the offered
the first marker with and is wrong but also side
we are surrounded by rosemary father like tita merello from torrejón de ardoz has fallen from a
clear support that the two companions approved robberies to the cdc
he managed to get them out of the day
it will not be coral red that provokes and the own thing with brett favre is as if
it was written that it is not on the desk
General Antonio Santano that district
If they were enrolled, they have more choice than they have left.
what must be respected
made of fabric minutes says minute 87 the Christian player ronaldo
his love is blind per cent reason to bring down an opponent without being the
distance ball to be played this is a lie
this is a lie that is not profitable of the year versus not what happens then
If I had said
loading responds still could previous stage of fonming pulled from how it
call physical porte
and of course that's the way it is
for some they had
two parties and because supposedly they collaborated with 20 the bonds of the
generalitat a poco
this is
1 red for aggression
and the other red to repel aggressions of gore will be alleged seriously but already
we'll see seriously lamented gold all of them eight in the afternoon was
disappearing that if it was well worded later it requested that it was
chosen by the fifa
that's why he does not fear underneath but they are bad
because, among other things, it was not for nothing either, until they could be seen
do not tell me to look at 13 made by edward and holy land we are like that
chicken goose meat no no no I say I say I know to avoid
the tragedy that today is true that a very easy afternoon watching here seems that
is the only good free way now is a group that everything goes well since
will be in the classroom of nature with both parties
our fight for the golden boot
because we are going to see
the other two judges I know him never a court sentence no one got laid
back it is estimated that the rise will not be a new round of doha that the
son had just left one facet so far now every Saturday there will be
human corpses of the nation av
after spending more than 700 million dollars
Spanish review and opinion
better a bad arrangement as a judgment
that's why the global recession is behind us